Do you have to let me tear your face apart?
You entered the king's room last night
How do you know what he said to you?
The king immediately rolled under his armpit
No matter what the king said to you
I will never let him go
Okay, I'll see how you explain it.
You kneel down
Tell dear what I did in your room yesterday.
Yesterday
The god crow hit me
I killed Mr. Shen
To make amends, I brought 300 million order
Vietnam
300 million order I have reached
Can I stay with you now?
Shen Wei
I beg you to spare our family
Make me look down on others
Ask me to have done it
Please us
Please, you can't go with him
Otherwise the royal family will take revenge on us
Your family will be doomed too